hey guys Bricklin here for a lego Alpha
Team review this is from the sub theme
of mission deep sea and this set is
called ogle mutant squid set number four
seven nine six it was released in 2002
and it has 62 pieces and here's the one
minifigure you get with it you actually
do get ogle himself and a really cool
translucent red hook for his one of his
hands I really think that's cool and
then there's the face under the helmet
he's also got armor you can see there
obviously he's the bad guy and then
here's his mutant squid here and say
there it is full view of it and you can
see there's the bottom part there and
you can move the calls you can close
them in on that or however you want to
do it and then the propeller is also
adjust and he sits inside of the top red
portion here and take that off and he
sits right here and then there's also a
little printed piece there like a
control panel or a radar screen however
you want to call that but that's about
it for our review I like the Alpha Team
sets I think they're neat but that was a
older set like I said thanks for
watching hope you'll comment like
subscribe and don't forget to favorite